to
Disneynature proudly invites you to its
most ambitious film yet
a groundbreaking journey inside the
breathtaking wilds of China
this film I think is groundbreaking in
the sense that it really gives the
audience a view into China that we don't
see what's really magnificent about the
footage is how incredibly difficult it
is to get that footage the Ching hai
plateau is fourteen to sixteen thousand
feet high most mammals couldn't exist
there but for the Snow Leopard and a
select few number of animals it's their
home
the mountains of Sichuan where monkeys
and pandas live
is pure cinematic magic
we follow these three amazing families
and possibly the cutest little creature
in all of the animal kingdom
the story of each of these animals
touches our heart in a way that only
Disney can
Disney Nature's born in China see born
in China opening week and Disneynature
will make a donation to world wildlife
fund to help protect wild pandas and
snow leopards in China